and oh nice guys I hope that
you're well we end up
today for the third episode of
history on call of duty to
surfers so today I have
unfortunately only two historical to
offer you
so the first story is going to be
unfold on two different maps while
first on the map comeback then he
you will just have to direct yourself to
spectators in out of map to
the highway with a car really
disgusting this is probably because and
it's really ugly but hey we get it
then you will have to go
to this car that is crushed
against the wall
then targeted late by grouping at your
camera to the ground
going down the ground and there you will see
that basically there will be pallets of
colors so I do not know at all what
that's not what it represents
but it's not the only map or related to
these color palettes I found
also on the biolab mat on a
roof so as you see on the screen on
the roof there we see them much better
it's not the two colors so if
you know what it is if it's
stuff to model the maps or if
it's history to hide brief if
you have an answer to his do not hesitate
skin this guy in comment on this
video is then second easter egg on
is found on
simply the map of the three yes
surrendered 3 here it is then you will have to surrender
towards this big portal is there of course
to listen to it with your ears
since it's a jump I'm you
lets listen for a few seconds what
is happening so that's where we hear
a barking dog so it reminded me
enormously historical that there was on
meetic I had done on ghost on
also heard a dog barking
meanings for this history
I do not know I will try to search
these later and if I find
answer to that dog barking and well I
you will post in the next episode
history on coole small add in
evening do so I know this episode
was short I apologize but on this
young is a lot less history and
that on ghost and I hope there will be
more historical with the next
neglected including the first dlc that goes
happen in january on the xbox live
we're waiting if you still have
easter egg to offer me well do not hesitate
not to post them in comment I'm
will be happy to make it on video
and I still thank code that I have six
claude this third episode of history
waiting for friends me I tell you
take care of yourself and see you next time
he
it